Remove Matter from sdk-nrf (#30253)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-2.6.0.rst

* Added:

   * Support for the Intermittently Connected Devices (ICD) Management cluster.

>    * The Default Kconfig values and developing aspects section to the ``nrfconnect_factory_data_configuration`` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The Default Kconfig values and developing aspects section to the Configuring factory data for the nRF Connect examples page.
```
